docs: AWS ECR and CodeArtifact authentication (#43466)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/docker.md

##### Using ambient AWS credentials

If you omit `username` and `password`, Renovate falls back to the [AWS SDK default credential provider chain](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/standardized-credentials.html) when fetching the ECR authorization token.
This means Renovate will automatically use credentials from any of the following sources, in order:

- Environment variables (`AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`, `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`)
- Web identity tokens (`AWS_WEB_IDENTITY_TOKEN_FILE` + `AWS_ROLE_ARN`) — set by [GitHub Actions OIDC](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/security-hardening-your-deployments/configuring-openid-connect-in-amazon-web-services) via [`aws-actions/configure-aws-credentials`](https://github.com/aws-actions/configure-aws-credentials), [EKS IRSA](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html), and [EKS Pod Identity](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/pod-identities.html)
- Container or EC2 instance roles

When using ambient credentials you only need to declare the host so Renovate knows to fetch a token for it:

```json
{
  "hostRules": [
    {
      "hostType": "docker",

>       "matchHost": "123456789012.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com"

Reviewer: are you sure this has any effect 🤔

Author: not without username/password/token,

}
```

> ##### Using ambient AWS credentials

Reviewer 2: "ambient"? Not sure this is the right word for this?

If you omit `username` and `password`, Renovate fetches the ECR authorization token itself using the [AWS SDK default credential provider chain](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdkref/latest/guide/standardized-credentials.html).
Renovate detects ECR registries from the host URL, so it picks up credentials automatically from any of the following sources, in order:

- Environment variables (`AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`, `AWS_SESSION_TOKEN`)
- Web identity tokens (`AWS_WEB_IDENTITY_TOKEN_FILE` + `AWS_ROLE_ARN`) — set by [GitHub Actions OIDC](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/security-hardening-your-deployments/configuring-openid-connect-in-amazon-web-services) via [`aws-actions/configure-aws-credentials`](https://github.com/aws-actions/configure-aws-credentials), [EKS IRSA](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/iam-roles-for-service-accounts.html), and [EKS Pod Identity](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/pod-identities.html)
- Container or EC2 instance roles

> In this mode no `hostRules` entry is required for authentication — Renovate finds the token from the credential chain.

Reviewer 2: Let's also add another note here that this doesn't work with Mend-hosted Renovate

> Add a `hostRules` entry only if you want to fetch the token yourself (for example to reuse a short-lived token across jobs) and inject it via `username: "AWS"`:

Reviewer 2: This could read a little confusingly - let's make sure it's clear they're two separate sentences

```suggestion

There may be cases where you wish to specify the exact token - for example to reuse a short-lived token across jobs, or in the Mend-hosted apps - which can be performed using a `hostRules` entry.
```

(or words to that effect)
